how to make cards with your own hands from
paper dress origami
Hello, my name is Ivanova Galina
Thanks for stopping by my
master class hope it will be for you
useful
today I want to show you how to do
beautiful origami dress made of paper without
glue and scissors do-it-yourself
dresses can decorate any card
invitation album and photo frames and
so on to make an origami dress
need to take a square sheet of paper
we fold the square in color
inwards in the middle of the sides now need
square divided into 6 equal stripes
the deal is just using niki potion
each half into 3 equal parts in
I get a half somewhere around
10 centimeters means about three to go
centimeter will be 1 striped extreme
striped on the wrong side
and h1 the rest of the paper on
half
that's how it separated half
square found stripes it did not come out
and continue to work
next part
divided the square into 6 identical
strips and bend them like this way to
the center turned out such a blank
Now you need to open the bottom of our
Circuits for this
focusing on this middle
which we have here from her
like this and I move this piece prozhimayu
fold and above it turns out this
the fold will be here
small crease also deal with the second
sides starting from the middle of the part
I fit the fold and it turns out with this
the sides are also folds so that they
came out symmetric now top need
bend the strip bend the corner and here
here it turns out we intersect it and
will be a guide what can
The same guideline should be done.
the other side
darkening bending striped
focusing on these and not
Now I squash these squares
is done
so on the one hand and just flatten out
on the other hand we turn over
preparation
I need to be explained in pairs so I
I will show and you see maybe
so it will be easier that is, striped
bend down and one edge starts
the middle is starting to bend
such as
so it turns out that's the same way
turn over the image and these
corners
which we here have them too need
flatten can do extra
fold in this way can be so be
simpler and like that
flatten these corners here
you need to fold our part where we have here
these folds have turned out need to do
fold slightly above these folds
now bend this fold
to the other side
here we have the middle we are
did before
and the contribution to the point so turned over
today the frontier world of lats let's say already
finally our flesh
there may be a little moment
so for harder so look and
repeat will do next with ours
Sochi and best of all is an origami dress
to make from not very thick paper because
that perhaps some moments yes
Difficult to do so here reveal
corner about like this and from this
corner we see bend over here
up goes the fold like this
it turns out on the one hand did
and we do the same with the other side
you need to try to
the sides came out the same now from here
this corner that you have turned
need to bend over here
paper down
and get off at the edge are not paid as well as the
this side of the body
a couple on the other side and such
roach leagues
the results turned out
Thank you for your attention if you liked
my master class subscribe for new
video
to get them first